After analyzing the sales data, we can draw the following conclusions:

1. Supermarket Type 1 has made the most sales, indicating that this type of supermarket is preferred by
customers. This can be due to several reasons such as availability of a wider range of products, lower
prices, or better customer service.

2. Tier 3 cities have generated the most sales, followed by Tier 2 cities. This suggests that these cities
have a higher demand for the products sold by the supermarket, possibly due to lower availability of
other shopping options or lower prices compared to other retailers.

3. Medium-sized outlets have been the most successful in terms of sales. This could be because these
outlets strike a balance between having enough variety of products and maintaining a comfortable
shopping experience for customers.

4. Household items have been the most popular category, which is not surprising as these are necessities
that are required by almost every household.

5. Items with a weight of 12.85765 units have made the most sales. This could be due to the fact that
these items are either more commonly used or are priced in a way that makes them more attractive to
customers.

Another important observation is that Tier 2 and 3 cities have outperformed Tier 1 cities in terms of sales
for all types of items except for the category ‘Others’. This suggests that the supermarket could focus on
expanding their presence in these cities and potentially consider offering more variety of products in the
‘Others’ category to boost sales in Tier 1 cities. 

Based on these conclusions, some suggestions that could be made are:

1. Focus on Supermarket Type 1: As this type of supermarket has generated the most sales, we can focus
on opening more Type 1 supermarkets in areas where there is a higher demand for our products.

2. Target Tier 2 and 3 cities: Since these cities have outperformed Tier 1 cities in terms of sales, we can
consider expanding our presence in these areas by opening more outlets and providing more variety of
products that are in high demand.

3. Optimize Outlet Size: Medium-sized outlets have been the most successful in terms of sales, indicating
that we can optimize our outlet size to maintain a balance between having enough product variety and
providing a comfortable shopping experience for customers.

4. Promote Household Items: As this category has been the most popular, we can focus on promoting
and offering more household items in our stores to cater to the high demand.

5. Offer More Variety in ‘Others’ Category: As Tier 1 cities have shown lower sales for the ‘Others’
category, we can offer more variety of products in this category to boost sales in these areas.

6. Analyze Product Weight: We can analyze the reasons behind the higher sales of items with a weight
of 12.85765 units and potentially offer more products that are of a similar weight to cater to customer
preferences.

7. Determine the impact of Product Visibility: We can conduct further analysis to determine the impact
of product visibility on sales and optimize our product placement in stores accordingly.

By implementing these suggestions and continuing to analyze the sales data, we can make data-driven
decisions that will help us optimize our purchasing patterns, improve sales, and launch a successful chain of
supermarkets and grocery stores across the country.
